(proposal update) Add HuggingFace Space pushing capability to the HFModelPusher (#178)
tensorflow/tfx-addons: proposals/20220823-huggingface_model_pusher.md

**Project name:** HuggingFace Model Pusher

## Project Description
HuggingFace Model Pusher(`HFModelPusher`) pushes blessed model to the [HuggingFace Model Hub](https://huggingface.co/models). Also, it optionally pushes application to [HuggingFace Space Hub](https://huggingface.co/spaces).

## Project Category
Component

## Project Use-Case(s)

> The HuggingFace Model and Space Hubs let us have [Git-LFS](https://git-lfs.github.com) enabled repositories in public and private modes, and they are easy to manage versions sepecially for those familiar with Git. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HuggingFace Model and Space Hubs let us have [Git-LFS](https://git-lfs.github.com) enabled repositories in public and private modes. Since these repositories are primarily based on Git, they're easier as far as version control is concerned. 
```

Supported models hosted on the HuggingFace Model Hub can be directly loaded/used with APIs provided by [transformers](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/index) package. However, it is not limited. We can host arbitrary types of models too. 

> HuggingFace Space Hub comes with free resources to host prototype applications that use machine learning models. Currently supported application frameworks are Gradio and Streamlit. It is often a good idea to host current version of the model to the Huggingface Space, so it could be interated with real world before the production deployment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HuggingFace Space Hub provides free resources to host prototype applications that use machine learning models. It supports both private and public modes. Currently supported application frameworks are Gradio and Streamlit. It is often a good idea to host the current version of the model to the HuggingFace Space, so it can be tested before the production deployment. But you can host your models HuggingFace Spaces for other purposes as well.
```

> By keeping these information in mind, `HFModelPusher` let you push a trained or blessed model to the HuggingFace Model Hub within a new branch within TFX pipeline. Then, if specified, it pushes an application to the HuggingFace Space Hub by injecting the current model information into the prepared template sources.

Reviewer: The `hf_api` has utilities for creating a PR too. Wouldn't be nice to create a PR with the newly created branch? We can, of course, parameterize that too. 

@deep-diver

Author: Do you have experiences?

I couldn't find any other ways but [`upload_folder()'](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface_hub/blob/7aadc3243d9478a48e17f568d8d4950cafd11ca2/src/huggingface_hub/hf_api.py#L2204) to create PR after commit/push changes. 

Even if `upload_folder()` let us commit changes to a particular branch, it doesn't have a capability to create a new branch, so we need to create a branch beforehand. However, we have to create a new branch and push any changes to the branch to let the remote repository detect the newly created branch. So, maybe some kind of dummy files should be pushed beforehand which I want to avoid.

The ['create_pull_request()`](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface_hub/blob/7aadc3243d9478a48e17f568d8d4950cafd11ca2/src/huggingface_hub/hf_api.py#L2731) seems like creating a PR, but it doesn't have any parameter to specify which branch the PR for.

Reviewer: @gante any pointers?

Reviewer 2: The `revision` argument in [`upload_folder()`](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface_hub/blob/7aadc3243d9478a48e17f568d8d4950cafd11ca2/src/huggingface_hub/hf_api.py#L2204) allows us to specify a branch name. 

I'm not sure if it creates the revision when it doesn't exist, but there are workarounds for that ([e.g.](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/v0.9.1/en/package_reference/repository#huggingface_hub.Repository.git_checkout))

Author: I see. Your suggestion is to create a branch with `git_checkout()` then call `upload_folder()`, right? but `git_checkout()` creates a branch only in the locally cloned branches. It means I have to push the branch, then upload the same files again with `upload_folder()`. I hoped there is APIs like `create_pull_request()` with revision parameter, or `upload_folder()` that creates a new branch.

    repo_name: Optional[str],
    space_sdk: Optional[str] = "gradio",
    placeholders: Optional[Dict] = None
)

# default placeholders
# the keys should be used as is. the values can be 
# changed as needed. if so, make sure there are the
# same strings in the files under `app_path`
{
    "model_repo": "$HF_MODEL_REPO_NAME",
    "model_branch": "$HF_MODEL_REPO_BRANCH"
}
```
- `app_path` : path where the application templates are in the container that runs the TFX pipeline. This is expressed either apps.gradio.img_classifier or apps/gradio.img_classifier
- `repo_name` : the repository name to push the application to. The default value is same as the TFX pipeline name
- `space_sdk` : either `gradio` or `streamlit`. this will decide which application framework to be used for the Space repository. The default value is `gradio`
- `placeholders` : dictionary which placeholders to replace with model specific information. The keys represents describtions, and the values represents the actual placeholders to replace in the files under the `app_path`. There are currently two predefined keys, and if `placeholders` is set to `None`, the default values will be used.

## Project Dependencies

> - [tfx](https://pypi.org/project/tfx/)

Reviewer: To interact with the model hub it's better to use the [hf_api](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/v0.8.1/en/package_reference).

Author: I think hf_api is part of huggingface-hub package?

Reviewer: It is. I guess we should list that dependency here?

Author: `huggingface-hub` is already listed in the dependency section
